This morning, we're going to look at this question.
What price are you willing to pay?
In today's text at Mark 10, 29 and 30,
Jesus made it clear that when a person chooses
to follow him, he or she might have to give up some things,
including family relationships at times.
As we know, this sometimes happens
when a person accepts the truth
and then his or her family rejects the message
and perhaps even him or her as a result.
When this happens as painful as it is,
a sincere person will choose to stand firmly on Jehovah's side.
In fact, we'll give up whatever we must
in order to serve him faithfully, true.
So what have you paid?
It's good for us to consider what we're willing to do
for Jehovah and his son.
They will bless us many times over
if we remain committed to following Jesus' example.
And that's the point of today's text.
The fact is that many of our brothers and sisters
continue to serve Jehovah faithfully
despite having only a few family members
or perhaps no family members serving Jehovah along with them.
At the same time,
others may have generations of relatives who have served God.
And we rejoice with them
because they too are serving Jehovah faithfully.
The fact is that circumstances often affect
what a person may have to leave behind
or give up at times.
Jesus certainly knew that would be the case
and that's why he said what he did.
But no matter what we must endure,
Jehovah and his son will prove true
to the promise there in Mark chapter 10.
The guarantees of 100-fold blessing
for those who are loyal and everlasting life.
What should that promise move us to do?
We should be moved to continue sacrificing
whatever is needed in order to continue doing God's will.
That should be our prime motivation.
We're moved by faith and love to serve Jehovah
because he's so kind and he's so generous.
And we remember that he too has sacrificed much for us.
Move by faith, we refuse to become like Deemus
who you'll recall abandoned the Apostle Paul
when things got difficult, didn't he?
Deemus looked back at the things behind
and he lost sight of this point.
It's what we give and what we're willing to give up
in order to be loyal that matters to Jehovah.
What we give and what we give up says a lot about who we really are.
So while what each of us may have to give
or give up at times will vary,
Jehovah will kindly give us more and return
than we can ever imagine.
Again, Jesus said at Mark 10.30,
100 times more, so to speak.
When we keep that in mind,
we'll be helped to remain focused on Jesus promise in today's text.
Jesus himself remained focused on such words.
For example, when his half-brothers did not put faith in him at first,
how did Jesus deal with that disappointment?
He never compromised his commitment to Jehovah's work
just to please others, even family.
At one point, Jesus said,
whoa, whenever all men speak well of you,
Jesus knew that those who try to please everyone in the world
while serving Jehovah always end up compromising their integrity.
Jesus kept his integrity because he refused to be preoccupied
with what other people thought of him.
He was always most concerned with pleasing his Heavenly Father.
What was an added benefit that resulted from Jesus' faithful course?
The scriptures tell us that his half-brothers eventually responded favorably,
especially it seems after witnessing the events involved with his death and resurrection.
Their view of Jesus and his teachings changed quickly when the right time arrived.
Now, let's put all this together into a very specific context for many who are listening.
Many of you have unbelieving family members,
perhaps even your parents are not serving Jehovah along with you,
and this may be true for many years.
What can you do to remain hopeful towards such family members even though the time is short?
The answer? Follow Jesus example.
Like Jesus never give up on them, yet never compromise in your service to Jehovah just to please them.
Keep setting a good example for them to see and to remember.
As Jesus said at Matthew 5-16,
you'll note, he said there,
let your light shine before men,
so that they may see your fine works and give glory to your Father,
who is in the heavens.
What do others, including unbelieving relatives, see when they look at us?
Do they see that we're facing the future with confidence and that our faith is strong?
We build up our faith by praying for more of it every day,
and by being absorbed in God's Word every day.
Those who may be starting to lean the right way will see this in us.
They will see that our faith is backed up by works.
In turn, they may lean even more in the right direction.
We need to think about that since, as the saying goes,
our example may speak louder than words.
Or as Jesus said, let them see your fine works and give glory to your Father, who is in the heavens.
Still, realistically, we may continue to have some worry about our non-witness family members.
We think about them because we love them.
We're concerned that they may not respond to the good news in time.
We worry about that.
When such concerns come up into your mind and heart, remember this.
Just as eventually happened with Jesus' half-brothers,
Jehovah can turn a heart very quickly when it is leaning the right way.
Jehovah knows the leaning of every person on earth.
Jesus knows this too, and he sees every potential sheep like one.
With a positive view, then, continue helping your family members to lean the right way and then
leave the matter in Jehovah's hands.
Keep trusting that he will draw them to himself if their heart condition is right.
Experience shows that sheep like ones tend to run in families.
We'll repeat that.
Experience shows that sheep like ones tend to run
in families.
This has proven to be true over and over again,
so remain patient and hopeful toward them.
But what if your family members never respond?
That could happen.
Well, if that's the case, keep in mind that Jehovah knows what you've tried to do
and he will bless you forever for trying.
So in review, what price are you willing to pay?
If we're following Jesus' example, we'll stand firmly on the side of the truth
and never allow anything to pull us away, even at great cost to ourselves,
even if it involves family relationships.
When we keep our integrity, our example may move someone else to lean the right way
in the direction that Jehovah may draw him or her.
If we're willing to sacrifice much in order to follow Jesus, what did he promise?
A 100-fold blessing which today involves our international brotherhood,
the only true brotherhood on earth.
Along with this, he promised that in the coming system of things,
his self-sacrificing followers will receive everlasting life.